README.md, before:

# plg_system_hyphenateghsvs

Joomla-Plugin.

Intelligent Hyphenation for browsers that do NOT support CSS property hyphens (e.g. Chrome) or do not support languages that you can select in this plugin. See supported languages at https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/tree/master/media/js/hyphenopoly/patterns

You can report issues, ask questions in english or german: https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/issues or via email (see https://ghsvs.de/kontakt)

## Build
- Adapt file `package.json`
- Base/source files are in folder `/src/`
- `npm install` or `npm update`
- `node build.js`

- External libraries like `hyphenopoly` are copied to `/src/` now (overriden!).
- New built files are in folder `/package/` afterwards. Base for ZIP file.
- New ZIP in folder `/dist/` afterwards.
- Only tested with WSL 1/Debian on WIndows 10.

### New release/update for Joomla
- Create new GitHub release/tag.
- You can add extension ZIP file to "Assets" list via Drag&Drop. See "Attach binaries by dropping them here or selecting them.".

## Description/Documentation
You'll find detailed descriptions of all configuration options inside the plugin after installation.

## Uses since release 2019.03.10 recommended Hyphenopoly.js (besides old Hyphenater.js for updaters)!
https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/releases

## Version history
https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/wiki/Version-history-plg_system_hyphenateghsvs

## Thanks
This Joomla plugin...

...provides old Hyphenator JavaScript library from https://github.com/mnater/Hyphenator programmed by Mathias Nater (mnater).

...provides new Hyphenopoly JavaScript library from https://github.com/mnater/Hyphenopoly programmed by Mathias Nater (mnater).

Commit message:

Version 2020.08.30 with new setting "hide"
- Update Readme.
- Add new parameter `setup_hide` to avoid conflicts with skipto JS.

README.md, after:

# plg_system_hyphenateghsvs

Joomla-Plugin.

Intelligent Hyphenation for browsers that do NOT support CSS property hyphens (e.g. Chrome) or do not support languages that you can select in this plugin. See supported languages at https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/tree/master/media/js/hyphenopoly/patterns

You can report issues, ask questions in english or german: https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/issues or via email (see https://ghsvs.de/kontakt)

## Description/Documentation
You'll find detailed descriptions of all configuration options inside the plugin after installation.

## Uses since release 2019.03.10 **recommended** Hyphenopoly.js (besides old Hyphenater.js for updaters)!
https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/releases

## Version history
https://github.com/GHSVS-de/plg_system_hyphenateghsvs/wiki/Version-history-plg_system_hyphenateghsvs

## Thanks
This Joomla plugin...

...provides old Hyphenator JavaScript library from https://github.com/mnater/Hyphenator programmed by Mathias Nater (mnater).

...provides new Hyphenopoly JavaScript library from https://github.com/mnater/Hyphenopoly programmed by Mathias Nater (mnater).

## Build
- Adapt file `package.json` (version and things)
- Base/source files are in folder `/src/`
- If you're shy run `npm run g-npm-update-check` to get a list of updatable depnedencies.
- If you want to bump the listed dependencies versions then run `npm run g-ncu-override-json`
- `npm install`
- `node build.js` or `npm run g-build`

- External libraries like `hyphenopoly` are copied to `/src/` now (overriden!).
- New built files are in folder `/package/` afterwards. Base for ZIP file.
- New ZIP in folder `/dist/` afterwards.
- Only tested with WSL 1/Debian on WIndows 10.

### New release/update for Joomla
- Send repository to GitHub master
- Create new GitHub release/tag.
- You can add extension ZIP file to "Assets" list via Drag&Drop. See "Attach binaries by dropping them here or selecting them.".
